Updating trademarks in mkr datasheets (#1897)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/01.mkr/01.boards/mkr-wifi-1010/datasheet/datasheet.md

    - SHA-256 & HMAC hash including off-chip context save/restore

- **Nina W102 Module**
    - Dual Core Tensilica LX6 CPU at up to 240MHz

  - **Wi-Fi®**
      - IEEE 802.11b up to 11Mbit
      - IEEE 802.11g up to 54MBit
      - IEEE 802.11n up to 72MBit
      - 2.4 GHz, 13 channels
      - 96 dBm sensitivity

  - **Bluetooth® BR/EDR**
      - Max 7 Clients
      - 2.4 GHz, 79 channels
      - Up to 3 Mbit/s
      - -88 dBm sensitivity
      - Bluetooth® Low Energy
      - Bluetooth® 5.0 dual mode
      - 2.4GHz 40 channels
      - -88 dBm sensitivity
      - Up to 1 Mbit/s

- **BQ24125L I2C Controlled USB/Adapter Charger**
    - 92% Charge Efficiency at 2 A, 90% at 4 A
    - Autonomous Battery Charging
    - 2.5-A Fast Charging

# Contents

## The Board

Like most Arduino MKR form factor boards the MKR WiFi 1010 can be powered via USB, via headers or connecting a Lithium or Lithium Polymer battery to the embedded battery charger (the BQ24195L).

**NOTE:** MKR WiFi 1010 battery charger has a minimum of 512 mA charge current. Please ensure this charging is compatible with the battery you will be using.

**NOTE:** MKR WiFi 1010 only supports 3.3 V I/Os and is NOT 5 V tolerant.

> Please make sure you are not directly connecting 5V signals to this board, or it will be damaged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure you are not directly connecting 5 V signals to this board, or it will be damaged.

```
